Fixed stream stage represents constant abundant discharge and becomes
Published pumping tests report that Stenner Creek water level
An instantaneous depletion response is unrealistic when stream flow
Two-dimensional horizontal aquifer-flow equation in the stream-normal
Time-varying stream-stage boundary without an empirical storage
Dimensionless groundwater and stream equations comparable across
Laplace-domain groundwater equation and transformed boundaries
Laplace-Fourier boundary-value problem in the stream-normal coordinate
Lag-adjusted stream-depletion relation allowing positive or negative
Semi-analytical drawdown and stream-depletion solutions in
Laplace-domain aquifer drawdown and stream depletion in physical space
Aquifer drawdown and stream depletion in physical time and space
Elementary-effect distributions and time-dependent overall sensitivity
Estimated stream storage lag and streambed parameters with residual
Fitted finite-storage response and parameters without a lag offset
Site-specific fixed-stage Hunt stream-depletion curves
Site-specific evidence for finite storage and lag effects
Time-dependent 5% validity regions for use of the fixed-stage
Representing finite stream storage and lagging yields physically